the message just repeats regret regret
regret catch any idea what it means
million masters and we most definitely
regret the core just blew up our
raggedy-ass fleet oorah the name one of
the covenants religious leaders he's on
the carrier and he's calling for help
immediate grid kilo 2 3 is high
recommend mission abort Roger recon it's
your call sergeant we're going in get
tactical Marines the only place on earth
to come and I decided to land and proper
is going to tell us why 30 seconds out
stand by to whoa
stand back Marines the chief show you
how it's done
hey
say
Oh
I
it blew right through us 50 Cal rockets
didn't do a thing
where's no rezzy up latone wasted Sarge
and we will be too sir if we don't get
the hell out of here you hit Marine no
sir then listen up Rena I join the Corps
we didn't have any fancy shmancy thanks
we had sticks two sticks in a rockfall
whole platoon and we had to share the
rock fuck up boy you're one very lucky
marine what about that scared we all run
the simulations that tough but they
ain't invincible stay with the Master
Chief you'll know what to do yes sir
sergeant thanks for the tank he never
gets me anything oh I know what the
ladies like
John
enemy here
it's mine
that's outside
there are a number of Marines trapped in
that building to concentrate on the raid
they're the biggest threat
when I asked her reinforcements I didn't
think they'd send a spark we got trouble
penis look in terror
did I give you permission to bitch
careful see that elite was an ultra and
those pilots are no pushovers either
that's right you run not if we can help
it sergeant extract the chief and return
to an Amber club Roger status sir the
Prophet is bugging out request
permission to engage negative commander
I'll vector too heavy for starside
intercept
BAM slipspace rupture of the targets bow
it's going to jump inside the city
there's no time sir
punch it get us close
ma'am without a destination solution we
are not losing that ship
you